chore: Updated unique id generation for classnames (#2913)
Workday/canvas-kit: modules/docs/mdx/12.0-UPGRADE-GUIDE.mdx

these updates has come some formatting issues after running our codemods. We recommend running a
formatter to address the format issues that have been introduced in v12.

## Styling Updates

### Compatability Mode

> In v12, we have addressed a style merge issue with removing forced compatability mode.

Author: Link out to GH discussion from here.

> In v12, we have addressed a style merge issue with removing forced compatability mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In v12, we have addressed a style merge issue with removing forced compatibility mode. For more information on this change, please read our [discussion](https://github.com/Workday/canvas-kit/discussions/2893).
```
